Add possibility to extract all packages with `extractPackages` (#1424)
chaquo/chaquopy: product/runtime/docs/sphinx/android.rst

        }
    }

> The files are extracted when they are imported for the first time. Each extracted file will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files are extracted when the package is imported for the first time. Each extracted file will
```

Author: Fixed.
